# stratigraphic-3D-modelling

A Python application for visualizing the 3D stratigraphic architecture of porous sedimentary media. The application uses the parameter granulometry deduced from boreholes lithological records to create interactive 3D HTML models of essential stratigraphic elements. The Quaternary onshore Llobregat River Delta (LRD) in northeastern Spain was selected to show the application. The public granulometry dataset produced by the Water Authority of Catalonia from 433 boreholes in this strategic coastal groundwater body was clustered into the clay-silt, coarse sand, and gravel classes. Three interactive 3D HTML models were created. The first shows the location of the boreholes granulometry. The second includes the main gravel and coarse sand sedimentary bodies (lithosomes) associated to the identified three stratigraphic intervals, called lower (> 50 m b.s.l.) in the distal LRD sector, middle (20–50 m b.s.l.) in the central LRD, and upper (< 20 m b.s.l.) spread over the entire LRD. The third deals with the basement (Pliocene and older rocks) top surface, which shows an overall steeped shape deepening toward the marine platform and local horsts, probably due to faulting. The modelled stratigraphic elements matches well the geological structure reported in recent scientific publications. This proves the good performance of this incipient Python application for visualizing interactively the 3D stratigraphic architecture, which is a crucial stage for groundwater management and governance.

#### Authors:

Manuel Bullejos, David Cabezas, Manuel Martín-Martín and Francisco Javier Alcalá
